	0.147 30 Mar 2020 Adjust remove to half
Seems to end to quick, remove cell slower

	0.146 27 Mar 2020 Fixed the rare start problem
The end of the snake does not clear, snake just get longer, until you run over it.
The fix was simple and logical.  Need to set some variables and do a test. Which wasn't needed at the start.

	0.145 27 Mar 2020 High scores base on game size
Different High score for each of the game board size.
Different Highest replay saves.

	0.144 25 Mar 2020 Game size fix - crash
Game board size, size changed, but it would crash, fixed
Used a local static for current size.

	0.143 21 Mar 2020 Save / Load replay base on size
What ever the game board size store in the replay, the game board size will change that size

	0.142 18 Mar 2020 Change Size cell x cell: code. Set to 20-40 steps of 5
Change the game board size.  Default is 40x30
Smallest was too small and bigest was too big. It now 20x20 to 40x40.
10x10 Games play fast. My longest snake was 42. Just ran out of free cells.
50x50 Took too long
Fixed the set cell size.  Calulates the right maximum size, not the super big number.
Replay is not set to change board size. Will crash is a big board is played on a small board


----------------
Two versions of the snake game:
  Both are work on turns and food. Not distant.

My Snake - hard to die.
  Food increase Snake by 1.  A special food will get you more.
  My Snake Bonus:
    Snake can 'double back' on self.

    Will not die if snake eat itself, could cause part of its end to die.

    Pass through Wall to other side. But loose X cells.
      Will pass through the walls so long as there nothing on the other side.

    Snake does not like to Turn so, so few turns and Food increase snake & score
      Too many turns Snake gets shorter

Normal Snake
  Food increase Snake by 1.  Score +1 per food pickup.  There is a bonus.
    Will die if Snake eat itself, eat a wall.

----------------
Special keys:
 P = Pause game
 Q = Quit game
 M = Minimize game.  Restore from program tray.

----------------
Score line in
 My Snake:
  Length of snake
  Maximum length
  Score
  ms/cyc: time it take to do a game loop on this computer. My desktop about 12ms, Win 10 notebook about 85ms.
  test number: number of replay cells used.

 Normal Snake: Length of snake.

----------------
Replay:
You can replay the highest score game played and the last game played.
At different speeds. Default speed, 200ms, 100ms, Full (no delay in loop)

Replay files now can be stored in User Documents in Snake19 folder
Files named YearMonthDayTimeAM
.M-Snk19 My Snake games
.N-Snk19 Normal Snake games

To rename a file: Press Load Doc, select file and rename it.  F2, new name.

To delete a file, Press Load Doc, select file and press delete.
Or go to the Document folder Snake19 and delete the file.

----------------
1) Minimize Game board by pressing M while game is active.  Restore from tray. While game is minimize it will pause.
2) Minimize Main Menu by pressing minimize button.  Restore from tray.   If game board is showing it will disappear.
3) When at Main Menu and Game board is showing, click on Game board to show it for 3 seconds.
4) When at Main Menu and Game board is showing, to see it for longer then 3 seconds, click & hold Game board title bar. 3 second after release Main Menu will return.
5) Pause the Game, press P.  Start Game again press P. Or lose Focus and click on Game board to restore focus. Game will restart after 2 seconds.
6) If the Game board loses focus, the game will pause.  Game will restart after 2 seconds after it return to focus.
7) Quit the Game, press Q

----------------
Settings:

Change board Size
Screen Size
Colors
Speed
Keys
Score
Misc

Remove data files from computer.

--------------
Settings
	CHANGE BOARD SIZE
Change the game board size.  Default is 40x30
Size 20 to 40 by steps of 5

	SCREEN SIZE
Change the number of pixel of the game cell. 10 is the smallest. 22 is default, Maximum is calculated from the screen size.

	COLOR
2 per-define color layout.  You can pick any color you want.

	SPEED
Change the speed of the movement of snake.  Default is 150 ms per loop, up or down by 10 ms.

	KEYS
Change which keys to use in the game.
Works for the usable keys.
You can use Enter, Insert, Home, Page Up, Delete, End, Page Down, Space
You can not use the Function keys, Shift keys or Tab

	SCORE
This is the only setting that can be different on each game type.
Change the number of high scores save on exit. Default is 8,  Were the highest score is saved.
Clear the high scores. Default is not to delete the highest score.  Uncheck the box and the highest can be deleted.

	MISC
Adjust when to Add/Remove Snake Cells
When to adjust snake length. Snake moves a number of positions before the change occurs. 0-10  Default 2.

Bonus Food over 100 length, will create a 2nd food.    On or off.



----------------
To do
Change board size: Make sure is fits on screen.
Main Menu buttons.
Press Q is changable.
Clean up
Rare problem: No food in game. Seen it once this year. But I saved the replay games.

----------------
Problem:

Should be fixed 0.146
Long: Still have the funny start game problem that I can't create in debug mode.
The end of the snake does not clear, snake just get longer, until you run over it.
Saw it in version 0.145
One way to cause it: Start game, don't move, lose focus, get focus and move.
I'll active debug trace and I not able to get it to happen.

Rare: No food in game. Seen it once this year. But I saved the replay games.